What do you know?
My husband is a big shot
Not as idle as people like you who ride battery bikes
Although you are Great Xia, you are the god of war
But with the bride price of your Fan family
It's still a bit difficult to come to this place to eat every day
Just in time, I have an appointment with the university dormitory today
Let's have dinner with our good friends
Celebrating that my husband and I are not divorcing
Why don't you let them see the eyes too?
Just in time to save you money for a meal, isn't it?
Hey, no need.
We have other things to do
Ok, I just want to too
Sure, you don't have to be ashamed
Then hold your man
Such a big hotel
How can you promise him if it's not your wife?
We have to hurry up and go back to practice
What kind of practice?
Li Moran relied on his sister as the daughter of the ruler
When I was in college, it was all about me
Anything I like
He wants to take it away by changing the law
I have to see his man
What kind of person is he?
You have to behave well to me in a while
Make sure to compare the music notes he recorded to me
Otherwise
Just follow tonight
Sure enough, women are jealous, just like you.
Don't say what
Hey, wife, don't worry.
I am the new Dragon King
You're in the limelight today